python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate 
python manage.py runserver 



Therapeutic Use Exemption and You

Apply for your TUE at least 21 days before taking part at an event

Only in exceptional cases can a TUE be granted retroactively

Comply with the treatment conditions outlined

Declare the approved medication on the Doping Control Form while being tested

Keep a copy of the TUE certificate handy

TUES do expire, so be vigilant and ensure it is renewed



UNDERSTAND THE PROHIBITED LIST
The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) produces a list of substances and methods that are banned in sport. It updates this list at least annually, with the new List taking effect on 1 January each year.

The List is divided into substances and methods that are:

Prohibited at all times, or
Prohibited only In-Competition (In-Competition: The period commencing at 11:59 p.m. on the day before a Competition in which the Athlete is scheduled to participate through to the end of such Competition and the Sample collection process related to such Competition).
Those substances banned at all times would include (but are not limited to): hormones, anabolics, EPO, beta-2 agonists, masking agents and diuretics. 

Those substances prohibited only in-competition would include but not be limited to: stimulants, marijuana, narcotics and glucocorticosteroids. Also banned at all times: methods such as blood transfusion or manipulation, or intravenous injections in some situations.

It is important to remember that not all substances and methods are named on the Prohibited List. Even if not expressly named, a substance and method can be deemed prohibited if:

It is not currently approved by any governmental regulatory health authority for human therapeutic use (e.g. drugs under pre-clinical or clinical development or discontinued, designer drugs, substances approved only for veterinary use), or
It has a similar chemical structure or similar biological effect(s).
A substances or method can be added to the Prohibited List if it is deemed to meet two of the following three criteria:

It has the potential to enhance or enhances sport performance
Use of the substance or method represents an actual or potential health risk to the athlete
Use of the substance or method violates the spirit of sport (as described in the introduction to the Code).
Prohibited substances and methods are classified by the following categories within the List:

S0. Non-approved substances
S1. Anabolic agents
S2. Peptide hormones, growth factors, related substances and mimetics
S3. Beta-2 agonists
S4. Hormone and metabolic modulators
S5. Diuretics and masking agents
S6. Stimulants (in-competition)
S7. Narcotics (in-competition)
S8. Cannabinoids (in-competition)
S9. Glucocorticoids (in-competition)
M1. Manipulation of blood and blood components
M2. Chemical and physical manipulation
M3. Gene doping
Above all, athletes are responsible for knowing what substances and methods are considered banned on the Prohibited List. Under World Athletics Rules, the presence of a prohibited substance in an athlete’s sample, or the use of a prohibited substance or prohibited method, constitutes a doping offence. 

It is therefore important that you acquaint yourself with WADA’s List of Prohibited Substances and Methods.